chore: Introduce `--module-upgrade-rollout-max-delay` flag (#3200)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/12-klm-arguments.md

| `manifest-requeue-jitter-percentage`                 | float    | 0.02          | Percentage range for the jitter applied to the requeue interval e.g. 0.1 means +/- 10% of the interval         |
| `mandatory-module-deletion-requeue-success-interval` | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Kyma CR in the Ready state is enqueued for mandatory module deletion reconciliation     |
| `watcher-requeue-success-interval`                   | duration | 30s           | Duration after which a Watcher CR in the Ready state is enqueued for reconciliation                            |

> | `module-upgrade-rollout-max-delay`                    | duration | 5m            | Upper bound for the random delay applied when requeueing Kymas after a ModuleReleaseMeta channel update, to spread reconciliations and avoid rate-limiting bursts. Set to 0 to disable spreading |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `module-upgrade-rollout-max-delay`                    | duration | 5m            | Upper bound for the random delay applied when requeueing Kymas after a new version is assigned to a channel in a ModuleReleaseMeta, to spread reconciliations and avoid rate-limiting bursts. Set to 0 to disable spreading |
```

I would like to avoid mixing the terms "upgrade" and "update". Also not so sure about the comma. Maybe TW will help here :)
